here's one of my favorite songs from the
Doobie Brothers actually actually on Pat
Simmons it's in open G here so let's say
let's tune up now remember I'm a half a
step down so if you want to just tune
along with me that's fine too but you're
gonna go D G D G B D everything's a half
step down so just use that as a
reference point my D is really a c-sharp
should sound like that
okay this is more of an intermediate to
an advanced convalescent I want to throw
this out here for there's a lot of guys
that this was hard there was only a
couple little versions out there and so
I looked at that I looked at Patrick
Simmons when he was doing alive for some
kind of a CMA faster up one of these
guitar things they do but anyways I've
got a pretty close here you can um South
City midnight lady it's a good classic
song from Patrick Simmons Doobie
Brothers but let's break it down
Oh
all right the first part you can slide
like a base seventh from the seventh
to an a minor seventh position which is
really a open open 7 open 702 a open
open but you not really play them 8 I'm
sorry maybe a 9 open eight that's an E
minor position when you take that same
in minor position you can go on the 3rd
fret to the first fret there
that's how stars
you see that I drew was cheap
[Music]
Twitty and the same thing
the night
[Music]
she sees you climb up sassy me my lady
I'm much obliged
should say the kind of repeat let me
walk through this here it's really a see
you go fifth string is fifth fret open
open fifth fret on the B string there
it's a see
they need to go it's really open but
it's for four open three it's kind of
like up like it's like the e but drop it
down your B finger down to like an E
minor kind of things so it's a
combination of an E minor and an E and
you slide that down and just slide way
to do is you're going to slide 2 3 3
open 3 that's the B flat and then you're
going to go to that a minor position
a minor to the
that's the middle part there
sassing me never lady I'm mature piety
should have savings man so silly
do you repeat that again you can do the
verse where your
she's got
there's a part at the end or the intro
part it's really kind of a funky core
what it does your hip knee a base tilt
but it's really a gene this chord is
like pretend you got a d7 here you slide
it all the way up to 7 and then put your
index finger on the 4th on the fifth
fret so forth string fifth fret it's not
like that so he does this
let's just slidin 3 3 3 3 on 4 3 2 1 up
to the 5th back that chord
and you go like 10 to 12 up here
and here's another chorus acid ass I'm
not you guys she will say this man so
city back there then the last part is
just a walking run out where he does a
thing and you're climbing up at the very
end of the song if you listen to it or
the studio version you're going to do an
a minor 7
- up - Lee that's up to the fourth fifth
mace a position from seventh E minor
position eight to a seven positions in a
position to 12
good against ago
you
South City midnight lady Doobie Brothers
a great song it's gonna take a little
while to I get this one it's a great
song if you can do it
Terry Dean please quit coffee rose
thanks for coming out we're on YouTube
Facebook website come on over
PayPal join us if you want to donate you
can if not that's alright too we do it
because we want you to get better thanks